re-ordered tutorials on webpage (#495)
probabilistic-numerics/probnum: docs/source/tutorials.rst

Features of ProbNum
*******************

Linear Solvers
--------------

> Solving linear systems is arguable one of the most fundamental computations in statistics and machine learning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Solving linear systems is arguably one of the most fundamental computations in statistics, machine learning and numerics. For example, linear systems arise when inferring parameters in statistical models or during model training.
ProbNum provides a family of linear solvers, which infer either the inverse system matrix or the solution directly, while quantifying their uncertainty.
```

   tutorials/filtsmooth/particle_filtering

Linear Operators
----------------

> Linear algebra is fundamental to arguably most of scientific computation. ProbNum defines (finite-dimensional) linear

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Linear algebra is fundamental essentially all of scientific computation. ProbNum implements (finite-dimensional) linear operators in a memory-efficient manner with support for lazy arithmetic.
```

Author: That first part of the sentence has a word missing I believe, and "fundamental" and "essentially" sound a bit redundant to me. What about 

"Linear algebra is fundamental to virtually all of scientific computation." 

or 

"Linear algebra is essentially to virtually all of scientific computation."

I'll change the second sentence as proposed.

Author: I used the second version.
